[dramatic music]
[beeping]
JAMES
'Target's currently
having lunch.'
JESSIE
My, my, don't they look happy?
MEOWTH
Not after we catch all of 'em!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
NARRATOR
On their way to Cyllage City
our heroes are taking
an enjoyable lunch break.
But little do they know
mysterious eyes
are watching them.
♪ I wanna be the very best ♪
♪ Like no one ever was ♪
♪ To catch them
is my real test ♪
♪ To train them is my cause ♪
♪ Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ It's you and me
Pokémon ♪
♪ I know it's my destiny ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ Yeah you're my best friend ♪
♪ In a world we must defend ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ Gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH
"The Bamboozling Forest!"
PIKACHU FENNEKIN
[STARTLED]
FLETCHLING BUNNELBY DEDENNE
CHESPIN
[HAPPY]
ASH
What's wrong?
[WORRIED]
[rustling]
It sounds like
something's moving.
Hope it's a Pokémon!
[ATTACK]
PANCHAMS
[PAINED]
There is something over there!
PIKACHU [CONFIDENT]
[STRUGGLING]
‐ Huh?
What are they?
JESSIE
Never seen
those Pokémon before.
[CURIOUS]
JAMES
I believe they're Pancham.
ASH
'Sorry to scare you like that.'
POKEDEX
Pancham. The Playful Pokémon.
'Though it tries to look tough'
'Pancham has trouble being
taken seriously by opponents.'
Okay, that should do it.
But, those Pancham
look so different.
[SHY]
SERENA
These two are much cuter.
The Pokédex says they
do their best to look tough.
So, I guess this must
be their normal face.
Well, then, why not just make
them cuter in the Pokédex?
I've never heard anyone complain
about their Pokédex before.
Really?
It's just too bad
they're being shown like that.
[EXERTION]
CHESPIN
[STARTLED]
[AMAZED]
PIKACHU
[SURPRISED]
FENNEKIN [WORRIED] [SCARED]
[HAPPY]
I wonder what
those two are saying.
Maybe they're asking if Chespin
will share its Pokémon food?
[chuckles]
Maybe not.
I wish we knew what they meant.
[scoffs]
Leave that to me!
The future is now,
thanks to science!
'Clemontic Gear, on!'
Allow me to present
my Pokémon translator!
Whoa!
You've got to get
better at names.
But it sounds fascinating
for sure!
CLEMONT
'My brilliant invention allows
the user to understand Pokémon '
'which facilitates better
communication with Pokémon '
by performing a complete
analysis of vocal tone
movement and expression!
Pancham, would you
please say something?
'Switch on!'
[CONFIDENT]
What you have
belongs to everyone.
See? It gave us
a perfect translation!
Science is so amazing!
[SURPRISED]/[SNEAKY]
[SHOCKED]
Did they really say that stuff?
Who knows? Maybe they did.
I'll guess they're probably
saying what Ash said
that Chespin should share
its food with them.
[EXCITED]
Why didn't my machine
function properly?
I suppose my invention could've
chosen its words poorly.
[EXERTION]/[INTENT]
What, Pikachu?
[EXCITED]
I guess you're hungry.
I'll get you some food!
[SHOCKED]
You know, perhaps Ash was
correct after all.
[screams]
[groans]
SERENA
'Okay! Here you are!'
[EXCITED]/[SNEAKY]
[RAVENOUS]/[EXERTION]
FENNEKIN
[SHOCKED]
CHESPIN [SHOCKED] [gasping]
[STUFFED]
They ate everything we had!
[FURIOUS]
My Pokémon translator was right!
It said they said that "What we
have belongs to everyone."
Which means our lunch
belongs to the Pancham too!
SERENA
It said what?
BONNIE
And that doesn't help us
at all now!
Like I said,
science is so amazing!
[chuckles]
I guess you can say that!
[COMFORTING]
JESSIE
Aim, Fire!
FENNEKIN PIKACHU FROAKIE CHESPIN
[SCARED]
‐ Oh! Pikachu!
‐ Froakie!
‐ Fennekin!
‐ Chespin!
[PANIC]
JAMES
'Pikachu's ours.
Friends included!'
‐ Team Rocket!
‐ 'Surprise, surprise!'
‐ 'Time flies!'
‐ 'Away to the skies!'
‐ Stop!
‐ Oh, no, they don't!
After them, Fletchling!
[AFFIRMATIVE]/[EXERTION]
Not so fast!
[APPEARING]
Inkay, go!
[ATTACK]
[DODGING]
Fletchling, oh, no!
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH
No? Oh, yes!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
‐ Come on. Let's go!
‐ Right behind you.
Please, help Chespin!
You can count on me, Bonnie!
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH
Yay! A job well done!
There's nothing like
work that's lots of fun!
In the Boss's eyes,
we'll be second to none!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Hey!
We're taking you
to Team Rocket headquarters
and turn you into
a bunch of useful members
'of Team Rocket society!'
[STRUGGLING]
James, shall we
notify headquarters?
‐ Hold the phone!
‐ Huh?
Who's gonna get the credit
for this ingenious job?
Well, I invented
the capture machine.
Yeah?
Well, I came up with the plan.
Well, I'm the one
who pointed out the key point.
It's a no‐brainer!
You don't get credit
for a stupid thing like that!
JESSIE
Oh, yeah? Timing is everything!
MEOWTH
Look, dopes,
without a plan in place
everything else is nothin'
but a plate with no grub on it!
Remember, it was my Inkay
who stopped those
Twerps in their tracks
from chasing after us, right?
And lest you forget
who Inkay's Trainer is..
Face it! I deserve
the credit in full!
Stop! Enough! I say we decide
this mess with a battle!
‐ I'll fight the good fight!
‐ You're on, chumps!
JAMES
'Inkay, use Psybeam!'
Wobbuffet, you're up!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
INKAY [PSYBEAM MOVE]
WOBBUFFET [MIRROR COAT MOVE]
[screaming]
[explosion]
[PANIC]
JESSIE
You overdid it!
WOBBUFFET [AFFIRMATIVE]
Ah!
Team Rocket's balloon exploded!
‐ Our poor Pokémon.
‐ So, we need Dedenne's help!
Dedenne's help?
When we first met Dedenne,
it was utilizing
electrical energy
to communicate!
Yeah, that's right!
Dedenne, it'd be great
if you could pick up
on Pikachu's electricity!
Wow, Dedenne can really do that?
That's incredible!
[chuckles]
Just wait and see!
Dedenne, the first thing
you need to do
is figure out
where Pikachu's energy is.
We're counting on you, Dedenne!
[CONFIDENT]
[screaming]
[SURPRISED]/[PAINED]
[groans]
[screams]
[ANGRY]
Sorry about that, bub.
I had a lousy flight plan.
[ANGRY]/[EXERTION]
[screams]
I said I was sorry!
[instrumental music]
[SURPRISED]/[EXERTION]
[EXERTION]/[CONFUSED]
[FOCUSED]
[CONFUSED]/[RELIEVED]
[STUNNED]
[URGENT]
[EXERTION]
[CONCERNED]
[STRUGGLING]
[INDIFFERENT]
[EXERTION]/[STARTLED]
[FOCUSED]
[EXERTION]
[TIRED]/[GRATEFUL]
[CONCERNED]
[FOCUSED]
[Meowth groaning]
[SHOCKED]
Pikachu, be a pal
and help me down!
[MISTRUSTFUL]
'We're both Pokémon, right?'
PIKACHU [SURPRISED]
FROAKIE [MISTRUSTFUL]
MEOWTH
[ENCOURAGING]
[APPREHENSIVE]/[UNEAGER]
Yeah! Sounds like okay to me!
[CARING]
[AFFIRMATIVE]/[ATTACK]
[screams]
[EXASPERATED]
Thanks, all you lugs.
What do you say
we call a truce, pal?
[HAPPY]
I knew I could
count on you, buddy boy
'cause that's
just the way you roll!
[ATTACK]
[groans]
Hey, what was that for?
I was payin' you a compliment!
[APOLOGETIC]
Well, just as long
as you understand.
[thinking]
If I see that lug again
I'll use these
dopes as a shield!
[chuckles]
Huh?
[MISTRUSTFUL]
[CONFIDENT]
[REASSURING]
[SURPRISED]
[CARING]
Pikachu! I'm so glad you
and Chespin choose to trust me!
[thinking]
Chespin's a chump supremo.
I could use that
to my advantage.
Talk about a sweet deal!
[SUSPICIOUS]
Huh? He‐he‐he.
[thinking] But
this Froakie
is a different story.
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Pancham!
[EXCITED]
[groaning]
One teensy little explosion
and Meowth goes flying off
the handle.
‐ Huh?
[DETERMINED]
‐ Look, it's them.
‐ The eating machines.
[ANNOYED]
Meeting them here and now
must be fate.
Should we grab them
and make them ours?
‐ Wonderful idea!
‐ Inkay, Psybeam, let's go!
[PSYBEAM MOVE]
[PAINED]
How easy can it get?
‐ Huh?
[screaming]
Well, who might you be?
It bears a strange resemblance
to those two.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[PSYBEAM MOVE]
[screaming]
You're going to start
an ink stink!
[ATTACK]
JESSIE
That hurts!
[PAINED]
[RELIEVED]/[HAPPY]
[instrumental music]
[SCARED]
PIKACHU
[EXCITED]
FROAKIE/CHESPIN
[RELIEVED]/[EXCITED]
[SURPRISED]/[ANNOYED]
[REASSURING]
FENNEKIN
[UNSURE]
Dig! From now on,
we're best of friends!
[HAPPY]
[PLEASED]
[WORRIED]
Your fluffy little tail got all
dirty, so you wanna clean it?
You really like to look good,
now, don't you?
[EXERTION]
FENNEKIN
[SURPRISED]
[PLEASED]/[GRATEFUL]
PIKACHU/CHESPIN
[HAPPY]
Hey!
So, you can use your Frubbles
for keeping things
all neat‐like and tidy!
[GRATEFUL]
[BASHFUL]
JAMES
Oh, my neck.
JESSIE
This is all your fault,
buster.
‐ What?
‐ It was your Inkay.
[screams]
[groans]
‐ Oh, my!
‐ Argh! Ouch!
[STARTLED]
‐ And who are you? Huh?
‐ Huh?
[CURIOUS]
[growls]
JAMES
'It's a Pumpkaboo!'
[ANNOYED]
[CURIOUS]
‐ Oh, I caught it!
‐ Oh! No way!
Look at Dedenne!
Did you find Pikachu?
[DETERMINED]
[panting]
[SURPRISED]
[CONTENT]
It's a twig!
That really tastes good?
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[CURIOUS]
[HAPPY]/[DISGUSTED]
[EXERTION]
PANCHAMS
[SCARED]
PANGORO
[ANGRY]
MEOWTH
Cranky pants.
[ANGRY]
PIKACHU/FROAKIE/FENNEKIN
[SCARED]
[FRANTIC]/[ATTACK]
PANGORO PANCHAMS
[ANNOYED]/[CONCERNED]
Yipes! Looks like they're pals!
[ANGRY]
[STRUGGLING]/[WEAK]
PANCHAMS
[ENCOURAGING]
[STARTLED]
[CONFUSED]
PANCHAMS
[INDIGNANT]
[OVERJOYED]
It's the Twerp!
Pikachu, you're okay!
Froakie, you okay too?
FROAKIE
[AFFIRMATIVE]
SERENA
Sorry we took so long!
Chespin! You okay?
CHESPIN [EXCITED]
Wow! Isn't this grand?
SERENA
Meowth!
What're you doing here?
CLEMONT
The Pancham too!
MEOWTH
Now don't all bent out of shape!
‐ The problem's this galoot!
‐ Hmm.
POKEDEX
Pangoro. The Daunting Pokémon.
'And the evolved form
of Pancham.'
Pangoro has an ornery
personality.
It holds a bamboo sprig
in its mouth
which allows Pangoro to detect
surrounding movements.
Hey, it looks different again.
I think it's Chespin's fault.
You see, Chespin broke
Pangoro's bamboo sprig.
'So, that's why
it looks so down.'
MEOWTH
'Chespin got spooked
and accidentally hit Pangoro'
'with a Pin Missile.'
I'm so very sorry.
I feel just awful about this!
[APOLOGETIC]
[INDIGNANT]
These pouty Pancham
are fit to be tied!
They're sayin'
they need to get their paws
on another bamboo sprig,
so, that their leader
can get back up to speed.
But aren't there lots
of bamboo sprigs all around us?
[FIRM]
They're sayin'
it has to be special bamboo
that only grows on this
certain rock a bit up ahead!
It is true
that different Pangoro
have their own favorite bamboo.
'And it's also true
that they'll keep searching'
'for that kind of bamboo
until they find it.'
PANCHAMS
[AGREEMENT]
I'll go and find some.
Since I'm Chespin's Trainer,
it's my responsibility.
'Come on, Chespin.
Let's look together!'
‐ I'll come too.
‐ We've got to help them.
The sooner, the better.
Let's go!
'Pancham, will you show us
the way?'
[DETERMINED]/[CONCERNED]
I'll keep it
covered right here!
‐ I'm worried about Pangoro!
‐ What? You worried?
[SCOFFS]
I've got a heart!
[URGENT]
CLEMONT
I'm sorry. It's my fault
you're dealing with this.
Come on, we're just
helping each other out
'like we always do!'
PIKACHU
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[panting]
Something worries me
about Meowth.
BONNIE
How much trouble can Meowth
get into on its own?
‐ 'Hey, Meowth?'
‐ Eh?
Finally we found you.
You certainly get around.
[AFFIRMATIVE]/[SHOCKED]
‐ Turn it way down!
‐ Palleys! My buds!
‐ So glad to see your mugs!
‐ So, what happened to Mr. Big?
JAMES
That lump turned my good day
into a rotten one.
Here's the scoop.
[panting]
[Ash gasps]
All the way up there?
Why would Pangoro choose
to get its bamboo sprig
from way up there?
Must be quite the finicky type.
BONNIE
So, how do we get it?
‐ I'll go.
‐ 'Wait. It's too dangerous.'
Don't worry. I'll be fine.
[groans]
That's not gonna work.
[CONCERNED]
I have an idea.
And it's a much easier way
to get at that bamboo.
Use Vine Whip.
CLEMONT
Of course!
Let's try it, Chespin.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Alright, Vine Whip, go!
[VINE WHIP MOVE]
[SATISFIED]
[cheering]
[HAPPY]
[GRATEFUL]
Pangoro! We got it!
‐ 'Team Rocket!'
‐ 'Meowth! I knew it!'
[laughs]
You dumb Twerps!
It's a family reunion
with the Team Rocket clan.
We thought we'd wait
and wish you welcome.
You'd better let Pangoro
and Pancham go now!
‐ You tell 'em!
‐ Oh? Got battle fever?
Okay, Pikachu. Come with us,
if you know what's good for you.
It'd be a drag to see them used
as scratching posts!
As what?
You cowards!
Pangoro can't even move.
Aren't we smart?
Say, take a look at my catch
of the day!
Now, Team Rocket
is stronger than ever!
[APPEARING]
Cool! When'd you get that?
So, Team Rocket's got
a new Pokémon.
POKEDEX
Pumpkaboo. The Pumpkin Pokémon.
'Pumpkaboo's eyes can glow'
'which lights the way
for travelers.'
'They often sleep
in the ground.'
Alright, Pumpkaboo,
Leech Seed!
[LEECH SEED MOVE]
[STRUGGLING]
[PANIC]
See, Leech Seed
has the unbelievable power
to siphon off your power.
Now, really put the squeeze
on them!
Ash, what are we going to do?
Maybe if we can get
the bamboo sprig we brought
'into Pangoro's mouth,
it'll be able to help.'
Okay!
PIKACHU [STRUGGLING]
Look at this, Pangoro!
We got the bamboo you like!
[grunting]
‐ What is the Twerp doing?
‐ Okay, Inkay, Psybeam!
[AGITATED]
[PANIC]
INKAY/PIKACHU
[PSYBEAM MOVE]/[ATTACK]
[Ash grunting]
Pumpkaboo, use Shadow Ball.
[SHADOW BALL MOVE]
[gasping]
FROAKIE/BUNNELBY
[ATTACK]
[Ash panting]
‐ No!
[VINE WHIP MOVE]
Wobbuffet, go!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[coughs]
Here goes.
[screams]
Got it?
[ANGRY]/[EXERTION]
Alright!
[ATTACK]
[screams]
MEOWTH
We're blasting off..
JAMES
Again!
‐ You're alright.
‐ Way to go, Ash!
PIKACHU
[HAPPY]
CLEMONT
Pangoro's so strong.
SERENA
The power of that bamboo
is awesome!
Thanks a lot for getting us
out of a tough jam, Pangoro.
We know we caused a lot
of trouble for you.
We're sorry.
BUNNELBY/CHESPIN
[APOLOGETIC]
[CALM]
[EXCITED]
[chuckling]
ASH
See you later!
PIKACHU
[FRIENDLY]
NARRATOR And so, with
their unexpected
detour behind them
our heroes leave
the bamboo forest.
But, it seems they've
forgotten something
important.
[gasps]
We never finished lunch!
We totally forgot
about eating.
Now, that you mention it,
my tummy feels a bit rumbly.
[sighing]
NARRATOR
As the journey continues.
[theme music]